fix joomla logo svg (#60)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-stack-packs: CONTRIBUTING.md

Do you notice a specific audit string for a particular pack that is wrong or could be a little better? Please submit a PR!

## Process for making the pack's icon SVG

1. Acquire the logo in SVG

> 1. Open in www.svgomg.com, apply default optimizations, tweak precision, and enable "Prefer viewBox to width/height". Copy out resulting markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open inhttps://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/ apply default optimizations, tweak precision, and enable "Prefer viewBox to width/height". Copy out resulting markup.
```
